DOCS-725 - Prepping for Big Animal -> Cloud Service (#5750)
EnterpriseDB/docs: advocacy_docs/edb-postgres-ai/console/estate/integrating/integrate_schema.mdx

---
title: Schema Ingestion from EDB Postgres AI Cloud Service
navTitle: Schema Ingestion from Cloud Service
description: How to ingest schemas from the EDB Postgres AI Cloud Service.
---

> By default, clusters on the EDB Postgres AI Console Cloud Service don't have schemas ingested, only metrics.

Author: ```suggestion
By default, clusters on the EDB Postgres AI Console Cloud Service don't have schemas ingested into the Estate's control plane, only metrics.
```

Schema ingestion is the process of collecting metadata from a database, such as schema names, table names, column names, and column types. This metadata is then used to provide additional context and information about the database objects in the EDB Postgres AI Console and Analytics. The metadata is securely transferred and stored within the Estate control plane. 

> You can enable schemas ingest from the EDB Postgres AI Console Cloud Service by selecting the **Schema Ingestion** option when creating a cluster.

Author: ```suggestion
You can enable schema ingestion from the EDB Postgres AI Console's by selecting the **Schema Ingestion** option when creating a cluster on the EDB Postgres AI Cloud Service. Schema Ingestion is currently only available with clusters hosted on the Cloud Service.
```
